{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\i\f0\fs22\lang9 ================================================================================\b0\i0\par
Internship is one of the mandatory program in my campus, and currently I have been involved in a mandatory internship process carried out by the Surabaya State Electronics Polytechnic (EEPIS) campus. I'm stationed in the Batam Islands, Indonesia, with a placement in the Research and Development department at a multinational company PT. TDK Electronic Indonesia and I engaged in the production of automotive sensors. Prior to my internship, I was involved in a research on renewable energy, where I created a photovoltaic (PV) monitoring project with the output of monitoring the effect of sunlight entering the PV. \strike The LDR sensor measures the intensity of incoming light and received heat by using a K-type thermocouple to measure the temperature entering the battery.\strike0  \b\i (daripada jelasin cara kerja alat, lebih baik jelasin peran dan tugasmu apa di riset itu).\par
\b0\i0 Some of the other projects that I made were for monitoring the salinity of tilapia fishponds. In that project, I worked in a team where I was placed in the embedded programming section to monitor the health of fish in ponds by measuring the level of salinity of the water in ponds with TDS sensors and spreading several nodes to reach one pond. The master uses photovoltaic (PV) power stored in a battery to collect data from the slaves and then calculate it using the desired criteria; if the salinity is low, a small pump circulates water to neutralize the pond and improve fish health. \ul\b (ini udah oke karna ada peranmu, bisa ditambahin dengan jelasin skill yang kamu gunakan itu apa, dan manfaat dari ikut riset ini apa. Km nambah skill apa dengan ngerjain proyek ini? Terus jelasin juga ini riset manfaatnya apa di masyarakat. \ulnone\b0 (\b\i take note kalo essay ini adalah wadah kamu branding dirimu, bukan produkmu)\par
\b0\i0 Apart from that, I am also active in \i\strike internal\strike0  \i0 organizations, namely the Mechatronics Engineering Student Association. I have been entrusted with the role of class leader so that I can act as a liaison between my generation and the forces above or below, facilitating communication between students and coordination between generations. But for now, \i\strike because my position is off campus\i0\strike0  I am currently unavailable for the role because I am carrying out an internship program. Hence, I am entrusted to be the chairman of the Ministry of Communication and Information to support my association remotely \i\strike with my skills in designing and conveying messages through design\i0\strike0 . \b\i (yg ini jelasin lebih spesifik maksudnya design apa)\par
================================================================================\par
\b0\i0 The source of electrical energy is something that is very much needed in various countries; besides the main need for electrical energy, it also has very concerning carbon output because the main source of electricity is coal, where coal produces carbon emissions. Therefore, the need for a shift to renewable energy is very important. Therefore, with the IISMA program, I want to learn more practically about renewable energy in England, about its planning, construction, structure, mechanisms, analysis, and so on. Besides the development of hard skills, I plan to learn more about soft skills regarding the construction of a carbon emission-free energy generator so that it can be used later in our country. Due to the limited resources or tools available here, the lack of experts, and the unorganized management, we are now too late to participate as one of the countries participating in the carbon-free movement. An orderly design and adequate resources can be used to construct an emission-free Indonesia, resulting in zero carbon emissions. Then, in the future, after I make my observations regarding the renewable energy that is there, I also want to participate in designing energy generators or something like that. so that it can be used as a prototype for research purposes, and the research results can be used as reference material for the construction of renewable energy power plants on existing land in our country that does not pollute.\b\i\par
(nomer 2 ini maksud pertanyaannya tentang sosial ya, gimana cara kamu buat mingle dengan warga lokal disana dan warga internasional. mungkin km mau join komunitas atau apa. Diperbaiki lagi ya karna ini ngga relevan sama pertanyaannya)\b0\i0\par
\b\i ================================================================================\par
\b0\i0 The initial step when facing a difficult challenge or obstacle is to try it slowly and at each stage, by doing the initial observation, namely, observing or monitoring the challenge or obstacle after the overall observation, try to record what the steps are. allows it to be carried out under current conditions and prepares schemes A and B for the possibility that it will occur in the future. After planning what is needed and what steps will be carried out, one must also plan the time that will be used in carrying out these obstacles or challenges and also make an additional time scheme if the given deadline is approaching. If you have time planning, the next part is doing it, carrying out obstacles or challenges that have been planned beforehand and with a predetermined scheme, if a condition occurs a problem, try to improvise with good common sense because because there are several plans when it is done it will be different and if you have improvised and stuck on an obstacle or challenge, try to be calm and finish it slowly with the steps that were previously designed, review it slowly and if you don't get results, try to take a break for a while because maybe the problem is when mental condition and body lack of rest, resting for 30 - 1 hour can be by adding food or snacking or drinking a drink after that try to find a way out with a calm mind.\par
\b\i (ini idenya bagus tapi kurang spesifik dan kurang terstruktur. coba ceritakan masalah real yg pernah km hadapi dan gimana solusimu buat menghadapi itu. masalahnya yg spesifik sesuai pengalaman ya. misal pas covid kesulitan nangkep pelajaran, atau ceritakan kesulitanmu di tim riset dan solusinya apa. Terus ceritain juga pelajaran apa yg km ambil dari situ.)\par
=================================================================================\par
\b0\i0 My physical health is quite good with a regular exercise at least three times week. The sports I take part in are relatively mild, such as marathon running, push-ups, sit-ups, and so on. Sometimes, if invited by friends to play soccer, futsal, volleyball is a fun thing to do with friends. As for the health of the mouth area, in my history, I have had dental fillings on the second molar. There is a hole in my patch at the age of around 16 because I regularly eat a candy when I go to school. And in terms of COVID-19, I was exposed to the virus once in 2021 because, after returning from my parents' house and preparing to continue the semester, the method of treatment when exposed to COVID-19 is to carry out independent isolation, which is monitored with the HalloDoc application and drug delivery via courier, and for vaccination, there are now two mandatory vaccines and one booster vaccine. so that the vaccine has been carried out three times and has been exceeded in the past twelve months.\par
\par
\b\i (ini udah detail, tapi make sure kl semua masalah kesehatanmu itu udah ada solusinya. misal gigimu yg lubang itu udah ditambal dan aman buat bbrp bulan kedepan. ceritain kl ada alergi. Terus coba tambahin tentang gimana kondisi badanmu menghadapi cuaca tertentu soalnya tiap negara punya iklim yg beda2 dan mungkin bakal jadi masalah buat beberapa orang.\par
Jadi essay kesehatan ini tujuannya biar panitia tahu kondisi kesehatanmu dan make sure kl km tuh aman dibawa ke luar negeri karena takutnya anak orang kenapa2. jadi gimana caranya km yakinkan panitia kl km tuh aware dan tanggung jawab dengan kesehatanmu jadi aman buat dibawa ke luar negeri)\par
\par
=================================================================================\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\i0\fs72 STAR\par
\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 S\ulnone\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i\fs22\par
}
 